Add AmazonPay as a new payment method to Android PaymentSheet (#7199)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

### PaymentSheet
* [CHANGED][7144](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/7144) PaymentSheet now features rounded corners with the radius provided in `PaymentSheet.Shapes.cornerRadiusDp`.
* [FIXED][7190](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/7190) Fixed an issue where amounts in Laotian Kip were displayed incorrectly.

> * [ADDED] Support for AmazonPay (private beta) with PaymentIntents.

Reviewer: Nit: To align with the addition of GrabPay in the same release, we should word them the same. What do you think of this?

```suggestion
* [ADDED][7199](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/7199) PaymentSheet now supports AmazonPay for PaymentIntents in private beta.
```

We should also move it to the top, so that we have `ADDED` > `CHANGED` > `FIXED`.

> * [ADDED][7199](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/7199) PaymentSheet now supports AmazonPay for PaymentIntents in private beta.

Reviewer: Nit: Can you move this to the top spot above the first `CHANGED` note?
